From Monica Swartz: 
1. Seed of Schizobasis intricata, ex Huntington Botanic Gardens (ISI
2004-36),
2. Seed of Ornithogalum glandulosum, ex Jim Duggan Flower Nursery, 
the earliest winter flower I grow,
3. Small tubers of Alocasia hypnosa, a recently described (2005) 
species from China. Big light green leaves that give a tropical look 
to a shady area. Winter dormant. I store the big tubers in a bucket 
of dry sand in a cold garage every winter, but small tubers have 
over-wintered fine in ground in my 8b garden. I suspect the big 
tubers would do the same if buried in well-drained soil. They are 
waking now, so plant right away.
From Antigoni Rentzeperis:
4. Seeds of Freesia viridis
5. Seeds of Lachenalia viridiflora
From Ruth Jones:
6. Seeds of Pelargonium appendiculatum: Per TPL, Geraniospermum
appendiculatum is the accepted name; P. appendiculatum is the synonym. Per
IPNI, each name is a separate species.
From Mary Sue Ittner:
7. Seeds of Clivia miniata, from two plants, both very light yellow flowers
Bulbs: all winter growing, may not all be blooming size
8. Oxalis assinia (syn. O. fabaefolia)
9. Oxalis bowiei Oxalis bowiei This made the favorite pink category of a
couple of us. 
This is a fall blooming, tall, big gorgeous plant.
10. Oxalis engleriana -South African, fall blooming, linear leaves
11. Oxalis flava yellow, winter growing, fall blooming
12. Oxalis flava received as O. namaquana, but is this species, yellow
flowers
13. Oxalis flava (lupinifolia) -- lupine like leaves and pink flowers, 
fall blooming
14. Oxalis flava (pink) -- leaves low to ground, attractive, one year 
some of the flowers were also yellow (along with the pink), but 
usually it has pink flowers, no guarantee about the color but the 
leaves are nice and it doesn't offset a lot
15. Oxalis hirta (mauve) received from Ron Vanderhoff, definitely a 
different color from the pink ones I grow, really pretty, fall blooming
16. Oxalis hirta (pink) From South Africa, blooms late fall, early 
winter, bright pink flowers. Increases rapidly. does better for me in 
deep pot, fall blooming
17. Oxalis hirta 'Gothenburg'- a hirta on steroids, gets to be a very large plant and does best with a deep pot
18. Oxalis imbricata -recycled from the BX. This one has pink flowers even though Cape Plants says the flowers are white. The one shown on the web that everyone grows has hairy leaves, pink flowers. Fall into winter blooming
19. Oxalis luteola MV 5567 60km s of Clanwilliam. 1.25" lt yellow flrs, darker ctr. This one has been very reliable for me in Northern California
20. Oxalis melanosticta 'Ken Aslet' -- has a reputation for not blooming and originally I grew it for its hairy soft leaves that make you want to touch it, but grown in a deep pot it has been blooming the last several years in the fall
21. Oxalis obtusa MV 5051 Vanrhynshoek. 2" lt copper-orange, darker veining, yellow ctr.
22. Oxalis palmifrons -grown for the leaves, mine have never flowered, but the leaves I like
23. Oxalis polyphylla var heptaphylla MV 4381B - 4km into Skoemanskloof from Oudtshoorn. Long, succulent, thread-like leaves
24. Oxalis polyphylla var heptaphylla MV6396 Vanrhynsdorp. Succulent thread-like leaves. Winter growing, blooms fall
25. Oxalis pulchella var tomentosa - ex BX 221 and Ron Vanderhoff - Low, pubescent, mat forming foliage and large very pale salmon colored flowers. Fall blooming. This one hasn't bloomed for me yet, but I keep hoping as the bulbs are getting bigger and bigger
26. Oxalis purpurea (white) winter growing, long blooming, but beware of planting in the ground in a Mediterranean climate unless you don't care if it takes over as it expands dramatically, a lot.
27. Oxalis purpurea 'Lavender & White'
28. Oxalis purpurea 'Skar' originally from Bill Baird, long blooming, pink flowers
29. Oxalis versicolor --lovely white with candy stripe on back, winter blooming
30. Tulipa humilis 'Red Cup' - received as this from Brent & Becky's, but I can't find validation about the name. There is a Tulipa hageri 'Red 
Cup'. I'd love to know what the name should be. I've added photos to the wiki:
http://pacificbulbsociety.org/pbswiki/index.php/#
31. Tulipa turkestanica
32. Oxalis zeekoevleyensis blooms early fall, lavender flowers
From Arnold Trachtenberg:
33. Small corms of Ferraria sp?

