From Kipp McMichael:
1. Seeds of Brunsvigia josephiniae
2. Seeds of Boophone sp?, seeds from Australia
From Gastil:
3. Corms of Gladiolus italicus, mixed sizes
4. Corms of Moraea bellendenii ?
From Colin Davis:
5. Offset bulblets of Lachenalia sargeantii
From Jim Shields:
6. Good sized bulbs of Haemanthus coccineus x H. albiflos  (few)
7. Good sized bulbs of Haemanthus coccineus ex Bokkeveld Escarpment (few)
8. Various sized bulbs of Haemanthus barkerae (few)
From Arnold Trachtenberg:
9. Bulblets of Lachenalia mutabilis
10. Bulblets of Lachenalia juncifolia
11. Small corms of Ferraria divaricata
From Mary Sue Ittner:
12. Corms of Ferraria densipunctulata
From Roy Herold:
BULBS
13. Ambrosina bassii--Small offsets
14. Drimia sp (formerly Rhadamanthus)--ex Tom Glavich, BX214-19. This is indeed quite different from D. platyphylla, although the leaves are similar. The bulbs are two to three times the size of platyphylla, it emerges a month sooner (in full leaf now), and it has the curious habit of forming little bulbils at the soil surface at the top of the bulb neck. It has yet to bloom for me. Only a few.
15. Drimia sp. Calitzdorp--ex Gariep Nursery. Similar to platyphylla, but the jury is out on a positive ID. Only a few.
16. Cyrtanthus brachyscyphus
17. Cyrtanthus hybrid #1 ex Logee's. Big, soft orange trumpets. Evergreen.
18. Cyrtanthus hybrid #2 ex Logee's. Smaller medium orange trumpets fading to pink. Evergreen.
From Larry Neel:
SEEDS
19. Fritillaria bucharica
20. Fritillaria stenanthera
21. Fritillaria yuminensis, pink
22. Trillium albidum, plain-leafed, high elevation form
23. Trillium angustipetalum
24. Trillium angustipetalum, large form
25. Trillium chloropetalum, rose
26. Trillium chloropetalum, rose and white
27. Trillium chloropetalum, plum and white
28. Trillium kurabayashii
29. Trillium kurabayashii,  late, high-elevation form
30. Trillium kurabaysahii, yellow
31. Trillium ovatum
From Dennis Kramb:
32. Seeds of Sinningia cardinalis, red
From Chris Elwell:
SEEDS
33. Calochortus palmeri var munzii
34. Calochortus luteus (OP)
35. Calochortus venustus var. sanguineus (syn C. venustus)
36. Calochortus venustus, burgundy
From Jonathan Lubar:
SEEDS:
37. Aristea ecklonii
38. Calydorea amabilis
39. Lilium formosanum var formosanum (syn L.f. var pricei), ex wild-collected seed from Taiwan, 3 - 3.5 ft tall

