From Uli Urban: (SEEDS)
1. Achimenes pedunculata aerial bulbili summer growing winter dormant Gesneriad, upright plant to 1m tall, lots of small orange-red flowers, needs good light
2. Albuca aurea not really yellow, rather greenish yellow upright flowers, stout evergreen plant, flowers in spring 50cm tall. Always looks somewhat untidy.
3. Albuca shawii (Ornithogalum shawii, Albuca tenuifolia) 40cm tall, summer growing, winter dormant, nodding yellow unscented flowers, pleasantly fragrant foliage
4. Albuca sp.;?.  bought as shawii but distinct. Leaves not fragrant, scented yellow nodding flowers, 40cm, possibly a variation of shawii
5. Albuca sp.;?  tall white inflorescence, evergreen tidy foliage, very lush plant. bought as a very small offset in a California rare plant fair, 1,5m tall.
6. Allium cernuum charming inflorescence of many dangling purple urns, stamens protruding. 60cm tall, very hardy, summer flowering
7. Arisaema cf. consanguineum; from Chiltern seeds, tall plant, many leaflets arranged radially, green flowers, enormous bright red fruit. Not tested for hardiness. 1.2m tall.
8. Canna paniculata (?) evergreen, no rest period, it will die if you keep it as a dry rhizome. flowers in spring rather insignificant. But magnificent foliage plant. Identity not certain, from a few grains from Bolivia.
9. Dahlia coccinea (var palmeri) (open pollinated, may not come true) The original seed was from Harry Hay. Collecting data available. Fantastic plant, likes cool summers and/or semi shade. best in September when it cools down. 2,5m tall, very elegant, finely dissected foliage, horizontal bright orange single flowers. Seeds germinate best in cool conditions. Some plants may flower yellow, also attractive. VERY IMPORTANT: the tubers will form at a good distance from the main stem, only attached by a thin string-like root. It DOES form tubers, take care when digging it up for winter storage. Does not reach its adult size the first year from seed.
10. Ipomoea lindheimeri not a tuber but a fleshy rhizome. Pretty light blue flowers with a cream throat, slighty scented. A US native. Easy.
11. Lilium 'White Tetra Trumpets';like a giant version of Lilium regale but lacking its elegance.
12. Mirabilis jalapa tall form much taller than the trade form. Up to 1,8m. large mostly purple flowers. The tuber is so big that I can hardly carry it when I dig it up for winter storage. From cultivated plants in Bolivia.
13. Nerine bowdenii Typ Oswald From Mr Oswald in the former East-Germany. The origin of this plant is obscure. Looks like ordinary N. bowdenii but much hardier. Mr Oswald grows his stock plants among the beans and strawberries in his garden, heavily mulched in winter. (Zone 7) Seed has sprouted and is forming small bulbs. Should be planted immediately on receipt. Summer growing, it should still form a small plant this season.
14. Nerine alta (N. undulata)(?) Bought as N. bowdenii seed from David Human in South Africa but is so distinct that I doubt. Very frilled narrow petals, many more flowers per stem than bowdenii. Has proved extremely hardy (Zone 7, Temps can go down to -20°C) with winter mulch and protection from winter wet. Takes a long time to establish. Very attractive. Seed has sprouted as well, see above.
15. Tradescantia boliviana Only recently described. 80cm tall upright perennial, summer growing, strictly and completely dry winter dormancy. Needs full sun to remain upright, masses of medium sized purple triangles along the shoots, very attractive. Bolivian native.
16. Tropaeolum pentaphyllum subsp.  megapetalum.  The summer growing and winter dormant version of T. pentaphyllum, Has two relatively large bright red "ears". Difficult and slow to germinate, sometimes germinating very easily. Forms very large sausage shaped tubers, strictly winter dormant. Very vigorous climber. Bolivia
17. Zantedeschia jucunda, originally from Chiltern seeds, summer growing winter dormant species. Attractive foliage is bright green with white dots and the flowers are of a very thick wax like texture, very long lasting but.... not very numerous. always sets seed but this takes ages to ripen. I am not sure if this seeds is properly ripe, the pods went soft  and mushy so I cleaned and dried it. The pods remain on the plant long after the leaves have died down.
From Roy Herold:
Roy says, 'Most of the Rhodohypoxis are blooming size. The Calanthes will take another year to bloom. Both winter over under the benches of the cool greenhouse but may do okay outdoors in Zone 7, or colder with snow cover and/or ideal siting.'
Bulbs/Rhizomes:
18. Rhodohypoxis 'Albrighton'
19. Rhodohypoxis 'Hinky Pinky' (few)
20. Rhodohypoxis 'Candy Stripe'
21. Rhodohypoxis 'Stella'
22. Rhodohypoxis 'Tetra Pink'
23. Rhodohypoxis 'Harlequin'
24. Rhodohypoxis 'Matt's White';I received this one from Matt Mattus as 'White', possibly due to a lost label. I'm sure it has a proper cultivar name (perhaps 'Helen'), but I haven't been able to figure it out for sure.
25. Calanthe 'Kozu Hybrids';Brick Red
26. Calanthe 'Kozu Hybrids';Pink
Seeds:
27. Eucomis vandermerwei (OP, some might be hybrids with E. zambesiaca)
28. Eucomis zambesiaca (OP, some might be hybrids with E. vandermerwei)
From Bill Welch:
29. Seed of Narcissus tazetta , best autumn and winter-flowering selections, hand-crossed, often with polyploids. Full range of colors
From Dave Brastow:
30. Seed of Zephyranthes macrosiphon
From Jerry Lehmann:
31. Seeds of Actaea pachypoda from cultivated stock
From Ann Patterson:
33. Seeds of Heirloom hippeastrum that was discussed on the list a while back. One order only.

