From Arnold Trachtenberg:
1. Bulbs of Cyrtanthus hybrid; orange-scarlet trumpets.
From Dell Sherk:
2. Seeds of Clivia 'Solomone light orange x yellow'; selfed
From Rimmer de Vries:
3. Small bulbs of Tulipa sylvestris
From Uli Urban:
4. Nymphaea sp.; ??, purple/blue, tuberous. I am very pleased to be able to share these tubers this year. I got this plant under the name of N. daubenyana which it is definetely not. The closest I came when I compared pictues on the web is the Hybrid 'Tina' . A magnificent aquatic with large very fragrant purple-blue flowers with yellow center that last several days and which are held above the water surface. In summer it needs as warm water as possible, mine is growing in a free standing tank of black plastic which is warmed up by the sun. No artificial heating. Fertilized with Osmocote which does not trouble the water. It should perform very well in warm summer climates in the US. It is viviparous which means that it can form young plants on the leaves. This is stimulated by cool temperatures and as we had an exceptionally long and mild autumn I could harvest a lot of small tubers that formed on the leaves where the stalk is attached. Some of these had sprouted and formed small leaves and roots. These small tubers should be kept slighty moist in sphagnum or peat or the like, I treated them with a fungicide to prevent rot. In spring they should be started in warm water in an aquarium with extra light and planted out into their summer basin once the water is warm enough. I start mine in May at 25°C in small pots and plant them into a large pot in the tank in June. In warmer climes this can be done earlier.  The adult tubers reach about nut-size. After the first frost (I had flowers poking through a thin layer of ice, frozen of course) I remove the pot from the tank, cut off all the leaves at about 15cm from the base, give a GOOD spray of fungicide and dry down the pot slowly. I remove all remains of leaf stalks as they die down. Before it is totally dry it is wrapped into a plastic bag and stored at about 12°C until May.  I had some losses if the pot gets too dry or if mildew attacks while still very wet. I have never had leaf tubers in autumn so this is an experiment for me, too. I keep some of the sprouted tubers in unheated water in the cold greenhouse, they look o.k. so far.
5. Begonia martiana var gracilis;(syn. B. gracilis), the 'hollyhock begonia' The material supplied is not seed but small bulbili which are produced en masse at the end of the growing period. These should be 'sown' immediately on receipt and kept just barely moist. Begonia martiana sprouts fairly late at the end of May. If kept totally dry these bulbili may dessicate and die. A very rewarding beautiful plant. But needs some patience if grown from these bulbili.
6. Seed of Nerine bowdenii (?) Type Human. originally from wild seed sent by David Human. This is a VERY hardy plant with large bulbs and a large inflorescence with fairly small very frilled pink flowers. Different from ordinary N. bowdenii. Knowlegable people commented that this may not be N. bowdenii but a different species. It takes a while to raise a flowering plant from seed but is very much worth the patience. Has survived the coldest winter with a good mulch and overhead protection from winter wet. Seed needs immediate sowing as it already starts to sprout.
7. Seed of Nerine bowdenii Type Oswald. The origin of this form cannot be traced. I got very good bulbs from Mr Oswald from former East Germany where it was grown for a long time. East Germany was fairly isolated from the West during communist times but had an active gardening tradition. Many breeding programmes emphasized hardiness with the (political) aim to be independent and self sufficient. He grew these bulbs amongst the beans and strawberries in rows in his vegetable garden and gave it a very thick winter mulch made of compost and stable manure. A very good plant, hardy in almost all winters with a good mulch and overhead protection against winter wet. Typical bright pink Nerine bowdenii flowers. Needs immediate sowing.

