From Monica Swartz:
1. Bulbs of Gladiolus tristis ex bx 219
2. Bulbs of Moraea tripetala ex Telos Rare Bulbs
3. Seed of Brunsvigia bosmaniae from Telos bulbs
4. Bulbs of Lachenalia unifolia ex Telos Rare Bulbs
5. Bulbs of Lachenalia mutabilis electric blue form ex bx 181
6. Bulbs of Albuca aff. flaccida from a volunteer from Arid Lands
7. Bulbs of Albuca sp. Plettenberg Bay ex BX 178 ex Roy Herold who wrote the following: "from seed collected in November, 2006 from a plant growing in pure sand at the edge of the beach, perhaps 50 meters from the high waterline. This plant had gone dormant, and only the scape and seed pods remained, approximately 20-30cm high. Seedlings grew strongly through last summer and winter, and went dormant in May, stretching to go deeply into the pot."
8. Tubers of Alocasia x amazonica an easy and common house plant (A. x mortfontanensis)?
From Mary Sue Ittner:
9. Ferraria sp ? Corms
From Rimmer de Vries:
10. Small bulbs of Oxalis obtusa, pink
11. Eucharis sp ? , only one bulb
12. Pancratium zeylanicum only one bulb
From Jyl Tuck:
13. Small tubers of Arisaema amurense
From Francisco Lopez:
14. Bulbils of Lilium lancifolium
15. Small bulbs of Allium roseum
16. Small bulbs of Ornithogalum caudatum (Albuca bracteata?) (Lonocornelos caudatum?)
17. Small corms of Watsonia sp?
From Giovanni Curci:
18. Small bulbs of Clinanthus incarnatus, yellow form (VERY FEW)
19. Small bulbs of Phaedranassa viridiflora
From Jim Waddick:
SEEDS:
20. Lycoris chinensis These seed are from fairly isolated parents with this name, but it hybridizes readily with other fertile species. Expect flowers that are yellow to gold in color, somewhat `spidery' in form and around 30 in tall. These are both Spring foliage species NOT suited to Mediterranean or South eastern climates. Do best north of zone 7 into Zone 4 and 5. NOT recommended for Southern CA. Plant seeds immediately on receipt as they do not have a long shelf life. They do poorly in pots for long term and rarely bloom in pots.
21. Lycoris hybrids These are a mix of L. chinensis and L. longituba. Flowers will be smooth or spidery, from white to gold and may have some pink tints. Easy and hardy in Zone 5/6. These are both Spring foliage species NOT suited to Mediterranean or South eastern climates. Do best north of zone 7 into Zone 4 and 5. NOT recommended for Southern CA. Plant seeds immediately on receipt as they do not have a long shelf life. They do poorly in pots for long term and rarely bloom in pots.

