From Cynthia Mueller:
SEEDS: 
1. Cooperia drummondii (Zephyranthes chlorosolen) - "Prairie Lily" a form with blue-green leaves and white flowers.
2. Hippeastrum puniceum. Apparently a bit more pinkish in color than the usual form. Good multiplier in pot.
3. Rain lily mix: seeds for those who might want to start growing rain lilies. These all thrive in Zone 8 - 9. May include red or yellow Zephyranthes katheriniae, Z. macrosiphon, what may be Z. primulina, and Habranthus robustus, large form.
4. Hippeastrum, strong red form for outdoor planting in Zone 8 - 9.
5. Hippeastrum 'Voodoo' from Yucca Doo, a different plant from the one advertised by Plant Delights Nursery and on the web. This form looks like an extra fancy johnsonii type but without distinct red stripes. Multiplies well.
6. Hippeastrum 'Orange Tet'. Red/orange large flowers with stripes, some greenish white in throat. Purchased from a Mom-and-Pop nursery on Alabama St in Houston in the early `70's. Always comes true from seed. Leaves can be 4" wide, extra long. Seedlings sometimes manage to come up elsewhere in the flowerbeds. Makes a distinct impression in the landscape.
7. Crinum bulbispermum 'Brazos County, TX' Can flower at Christmas here if the weather has been relatively mild. Strong stalks, good shape and form of flowers for plain bulbispermum. Bluish-green leaves.
8. xHippeastrelia - a vigorous plant that bears good, well filled seed pods.
9. Hippeastrum 'Fancy Red Garden' type.
From Stephen Putman:
SEEDS: 
10. Crinum carolo-schmidtii ONE ORDER ONLY 
11. Hippeastrum iguazuanum
12. Hippeastrum stylosum
From Rimmer de Vries:
SEEDS: 
13. Trillium viride ex Jefferson Co. Mo. packed in damp vermiculite- these were taken from the fruits, washed and mailed to you in minutes and may mold up if not opened upon arrival. Pics of the trillium at the link below. These are hardy in Michigan.  https://www.flickr.com/gp/32952654@N06/nF8tog/ https://flic.kr/s/aHskdyUcQ8/
14. Clivia miniata hybrid Nakamura type with short wide leaves, orange flowers, big red fruits. pic of the red fruits on flicker https://flickr.com/photos/32952654@N06/#
15. Habranthus robustus ex BX 316 #6 came as Bulbs of Notholirion thompsonianum, these were hardy in a cold frame in Michigan for several years but really took off when I brought the pot inside. big pink flowers with dark throat. flowers everytime it rains all summer. some are red and some are green. 
From Ray Talley:
16. Seeds of Clivia caulescens ONE ORDER ONLY - seeds 
 
