From Fausto Ceni:
1. Bulbs of Hyacinthoides hispanica subsp. algeriensis (H. cedretorum)
From Mary Sue Ittner:
2. Seeds of Amaryllis belladonna
3. Seeds of Zinkowski Nerine 'Wombe' x 'Carmenita' -  light pink small ruffled flowers that are darker pink in bud and on the back, but open pollinated - very few seeds http://www.pacificbulbsociety.org/pbswiki/index.php/NerineZinkowskiHybrids
4. Seeds of Zinkowski Nerine hybrids (mostly sarniensis heritage) - open pollinated
From John Willis:
5. Bulbs of Barnardia japonica, ex BX 355
From Arnold Trachtenberg:
6. Seed of Narcissus viridiflorus (FEW)
From Andres Pontieri:
7. Seed of Hippeastrum iguazuanum (priority will go to those who did not receive this species in an  earlier BX)
8. Seed of Ipheion uniflorum 'Rolf Fiedler'
From Uli Urban: (SEEDS)
9. Albuca sp.:  tall white inflorescence, large fleshy green bulbs above soil level, evergreen with attractive shiny green leaves, spring flowering.
10. Hippeastrum aulicum f. robustum: A firm favourite of 19th century Germany but now nowhere available. Flowers around Christmas (this year much earlier, hence the ripe seed now) almost evergreen with a rest in summer, new growth starts in late summer. The seed is fresh, harvested by a friend for the PBS. I recommend the water flotation method for germination.
11. Nerine alta(?) (N. undulata) The identity is not certain, grown from seed from D. Human. Smaller but more frilled flowers than N. bowdenii, bright pink, large inflorescence. Very hardy, summer growing autumn flowering.
12. Nerine bowdenii ex Mr. Oswald. A hardy selection from former East Germany, very reliable and floriferous, typical N. bowdenii flowers.  quite hardy with protection from winter wet. Summer growing and autumn flowering. Hardiness to both Nerines applies to adult bulbs, seedling bulbs should be kept frost free in winter until about egg size.
13. Tradescantia boliviana: 60 to 70cm tall upright tuberous perennial, this is NOT a trailing Tradescantia. bright pink flowers for a long time in summer all along the shoots, much loved by bees. When I saw it for the very first time, I mistook it for a somewhat strange looking Lythrum salicaria at first glance. Needs a strictly dry winter rest, the tubers will rot otherwise. Not hardy. Needs to be grown in as much full sun as possible with good water supply in summer otherwise it will fall over.
14. Tropaeolum pentaphyllum subsp. megapetalum: summer growing tall climber can go up several meters. Curtains of nice flowers in late summer with two bright red Mickey-Mouse-Ears. Forms very large carrot like tubers, needs a frost free fairly dry winter rest. Seeds sometimes does not germinate easily, best kept at fluctuating temperatues with immediate sowing after an overnight soak in lukewarm water. So do not throw away the pot too early. Will not flower the first year from seed.
 
